[Music]
well hi today I'm putting your
problem-solving skills to the test with
these logic riddles for each one you
unravel you get one point get a pen and
some paper and let's find out if you can
answer all of them a missing swimmer
ashley is a swimming champion preparing
for her big competition on Monday 24
hours before the big day she disappears
nobody can find her and the police now
suspect three other swimmers Jenna says
she hasn't spoken to Ashley since their
last practice Mary claims she invited
Ashley for lunch on Saturday but the
missing swimmer refused because she was
getting her hair done for the
competition
Sam says that he spoke to Ashley the
night before she told him she was
feeling anxious about the race one of
the swimmers is hiding something
besides Ashley you've got seven seconds
to figure out who it is Mary knows where
Ashley is it doesn't make sense to have
hair done before a swimming competition
a secret path John went hiking in the
mountains looking for some rare
mushrooms as he walked deeper into the
forest
the sky darkened and a mysterious figure
appeared in a raspy voice the creature
said I'll tell you where the mushrooms
are if you solve my riddle fourth fourth
fourth what's the code word John figured
it out almost immediately can you do the
same
forth rhymes with north so to find the
mushrooms John should walk forth to the
north of course trapped in a basement
anna is walking home from work when she
hears screams coming from a nearby house
she immediately rushes in to help she
follows the voice and it guides her to a
basement as soon as she walks in the
door slams shut three portals open in
front of her only one leads to safety
the first portal is filled with giant
poisonous spiders in the second portal
there's a huge suspended rock that will
come crashing down the moment someone
steps in in the third portal there are
seven hungry crocodiles you've got seven
seconds to find out which portal and
should choose and should pick the second
portal she can throw her shoes inside
wait for the giant stone to fall and
then walk away without her shoes a hotel
mystery several police officers were
called to a hotel one of the employees
was found unconscious on the floor the
police checked the cameras to find out
what had happened they had three
suspects all of them hotel guests Sara
said she had heard some commotion and
left because she got scared James told
the police he had been outside ordering
a taxi to go sightseeing
John said he had been sleeping at home
can you understand who's lying you have
seven seconds
[Music]
John lied he was a guest at the hotel he
couldn't be at home sleeping a deep dark
pit Nathan went hiking in the forest to
take photos for his blog while snapping
some cool bird pics he fell into a dark
pit it started to rain and the pit began
to fill with water super fast but uh
Ethan couldn't swim in the pit there
were four objects he could choose one of
them to save himself a large ball a
wooden panel a rope and a rope ladder
which object will help him get out the
wooden panel is small and he can attach
the rope or the rope ladder to anything
the best option is the ball
it'll help Ethan float a shady ally
Allen was on his way to work when he was
passing by a dark alley he heard a loud
scream the man went back to check it out
someone was shouting help me I'm trapped
as soon as Allen saw the ally he called
the police and ran away why
there were two lines of footprints going
into the alley but no footprints coming
out who did it
the police were investigating two women
after a man had disappeared in the
neighborhood
the detectives installed cameras in
their kitchens after watching the
recordings they realized what had
happened can you figure it out - the
woman on the right definitely has
something to do with the disappearance
it looks as if she has someone's hand in
the oven a trained mystery mary-jane
Chris and Sally we're on the train it
was only them and the conductor checking
their tickets in the car without warning
the lights went out when they switched
on again Sally was missing everyone
started looking for her but they only
found her phone and one of her earrings
the conductor started asking questions
Mary said she had been in the other part
of the car when the lights had gone out
Jane answered that she had been sleeping
at the time Chris said he had been
reading a book and hadn't seen anything
who's lying
it's Chris he couldn't have been reading
if the lights had gone out a lost purse
as soon as Amy entered the office she
noticed Emma was in distress she asked
the girl what was wrong and Emma told
her somebody had taken her purse it was
somebody from the office but who Amy
started her own investigation Jenna who
worked in IT said that she had been
fixing somebody's computer johanna the
secretary answered she had been on the
phone with some clients James said Amy
we're in a meeting together just an hour
ago don't you remember Amy knew right
away who had taken the purse can you
figure it out
[Music]
it was James Amy just arrived at work
and couldn't attend a meeting an hour
earlier toxic factory's nature
photographer Kim was out taking pictures
of trees and flowers in the park
she stopped when she felt some weird
chemical smell in the air
she took photos of all three factories
in the area when Kim studied the images
she immediately knew which factory
emitted toxic gas
it's not the first factory it seems
abandoned the second is surrounded by
trees and flowers it means the smoke
coming from its funnels is safe
the third Factory is the toxic one all
the trees around it have collapsed and
the flowers have turned black how did he
get in - detectives Ethan and
we're trying to figure out who had
broken into a mansion the owner claimed
all the windows had been locked and then
someone threw a rock at the top part of
his bedroom window while he was
downstairs when he went up he saw that
somebody had been in the room and left
through the balcony as soon as the
detectives heard the story they closed
the case why because it's impossible to
reach all the way down to the bottom of
the window to unlock it
the owner lied where's this safe
successful businessman Jeff walked into
his home office one day and realized
that his safe was gone he immediately
called the police to find out who had
done it but everyone in the house had an
alibi
Amy Jeff's wife said she had been
working out at the gym that morning the
cleaner answered that she had been
cleaning the basement and hadn't heard
anything the cook told police he had
been in the kitchen all day preparing
meals and never left it
the police immediately figured the case
out you have seven seconds to do the
same
[Music]
it was the cook he said he never left
the kitchen but his shoes were muddy who
took the dessert Sarah bought some ice
cream on Saturday but kept the flavors
in secret when she woke up on Sunday all
the ice cream was gone she asked
everyone in the house if they knew
anything about that James answered he
had gone to work early that morning and
hadn't seen anything Mary said she
wanted to have the new caramel ice cream
in the afternoon she felt bad she was
going to miss it John didn't even know
there was ice cream in the house but he
was looking forward to trying it can you
figure out who knows something it's Mary
the ice cream flavors were a secret she
couldn't be sure there was a caramel
taste among them alrighty let's see your
results if you've got 1 to 4 points you
need more practice try to pay attention
to every single word in the riddle it
may help you find the correct answer if
your score is 5 to 9 you're almost there
you just need to be more concentrated to
notice all the details if you've managed
to crack 10 to 13 riddles you're the
best YouTube detective hey if you
learned something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend and here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]